Add "root-path" parameter to override git workspace root (#35)
logandavies181/tfd: README.md

# Upload local git repo to Terraform Cloud
tfd upload-config --path /path/to/project --workspace myworkspace

> # Upload local root folder to Terraform Cloud
> tfd upload-config --root-path /path/to/root --path /path/to/root/path/to/project --workspace myworkspace

Reviewer: Path is unused if --root-path is specified so let's remove it from the example
```suggestion
# Upload non-git folder to Terraform Cloud or override git root
tfd upload-config --root-path /path/to/root  --workspace myworkspace
```
